Make installation block more usable (#220)
github/licensed: README.md

## Installation

### Dependencies

> Install `cmake` and `pkg-config` dut to Licensed uses the `libgit2` bindings for Ruby provided by `rugged` which use these dependencies

Reviewer: Ah sorry I just noticed this. Can you use the pre-existing text, or maybe the suggested text below?

```suggestion
Licensed uses the `libgit2` bindings for Ruby provided by `rugged`. `rugged` requires `cmake` and `pkg-config` which you may need to install before you can install Licensed.
```

Author: Thanks!)
